party game for Waterloo people is
somebody this day that wants to play a
game yeah ten cards each all right three
for the first one and what are my
parents hiding from me to choice
all right what are my parents hiding
from me the first one crystal meth
should be there's no such thing I know
you see what I did there poor people I
like that force I'm going to pick play
another round all right
what never fails to liven up the party
two midgets into a bucket being the last
known bison rollicking strong female
characters but I think two midgets
into a bucket with you the fantastic
goes okay in a world ravaged by blank
our only solace is blank in a world
ravaged by hospice care our only solace
miss pictures of boobs they just keep
getting better and bad all right here we
go
what gets better with age in your cars
guys gonna read a minute what gets
better with age and watch them
what gets better with age bring the gay
away serfdom I would think that'd be a
broken hip with a lunchable trust me
they go right and I'm gonna have to go
with the Emma Watson yeah so we have a
winner in this guy right here two points
fantastic
and now we're gonna play the world's
biggest hand of cards against humanity'
okay
get up just set I'm the judge so I'm
gonna pull a black card here
what is Batman's guilty-pleasure
deal yourself a hand of white card pick
which one you want to play and type what
it says in the comments below
I'll pick and then announce the winner
in next week's video when it's going to
be another edition of ask John follow
all of my social media for when we open
it up to questions or leave your
question in the comments below
now let's get into these shoutouts
indeed the Beast who would take Batman
to a school to beat up his principal you
say duelist who thinks I look like Mark
Wahlberg and John O Connor because DJ
alt-rock says so new subscriber alerts
Angelika Vocaloid Miko and Thea Whiteman
Vinnie era go and create a monitor a you
new subscriber let me know in the
comments will shout you out next time so
like I was saying before next week's
asked Sean is a chance for you to
breathe a little bit but also reach out
and connect with all of you before we
launch into all this cool stuff we're
bringing out over the next several weeks
and into the fall it's gonna be a lot of
fun I can't wait to make these videos
it's gonna be so awesome and I'm so
excited to have you along for the ride
so subscribe be here again next week and
we'll see you real soon
[Music]